So what do you think the second step of installing Colly from the ISO file is?
That's right, installation.
The ISO file for Colly has been downloaded and it's in the download folder.
So now I'm going to open a virtual box, click the new button and give your machine a name.
You can choose the folder for PVM now, it's better to collect VMS in the same location, in my opinion.
That way I stay organized and I certainly recommend you do that as well.
And I'm OK with a default.
Type is Lennix.
OK.
Now, we know that Kelly is a Debian based Linux distro and we downloaded the 64 bit version, so choose
Linux then a 64 bit version of the latest Debbie.
Now I can continue to move on.
Ram is a one gigabyte by default.
Now, I do want to make RAM three gigabytes here.
And will want to create a virtual hard disk now, so it could create.
Here you can change the hard disk file type, the VDI file format is used when you create a new virtual
machine with a new DES.
Virtual boxer also supports VMD Kay file formats, and that's used by many other virtualization products
such as VMware and VDS file formats that are used by Microsoft.
We can also select the native file format of virtual box VDI, and that's one that I'll be using for
this installation.
So this page is for the type of hard disk.
Now, dynamically allocated disks are faster to create and they'll also grow to larger sizes, fixed
size disks, maybe faster to use, but that way they won't grow any larger once they start filling up.
So let's select the dynamically allocated option and click continue.
So here I want to make the size of a virtual disk, 20 gigabyte.
OK, but continue and the start button.
So here we should add the ISO file, so just click the add button and select the ISO file that is well,
should be in the download folder.
Fruit juice and start.
PM Boutte's for the very first time.
In the Bootmen, you choose one of the install or graphical install options, I'll I'll show you with
a graphical install, looks like no.
As you see, it's a typical operating system installation, we need to configure the OS now, so select
the language, location and keyboard configuration.
And now network configuration has been completed successfully.
So I said the hostname to Caleigh and let's give it a domain name, I'll just choose the same name and
continue.
I said the username and password for the new user.
Because Carly will not use a route account by default when it started.
Don't need any partitions, we're only installing light is a virtual machine, so we can use the entire
disk reserve for itself continue.
Keep going with the default options for disk partitioning.
Yes, right, that changes to discuss now the system is being installed.
And just like before, it may take several minutes.
So here, Callie asks for the HTP proxy information, but we're not going to need it now so we can just
leave it blank and continue.
And in this section, you can choose the desktop environment that you want to use, Callie is no longer
offering separate images for every desktop environment.
There's just a single image for all of them.
And it can be chosen during installation, so I will continue with a default option except seek.
It's asking to install the Grupp bootloader to the master boot record.
Now, this is more meaningful when you install an operating system as a second one on the host.
We're just installing a virtual machine, so it's the only operating system for it.
So, yes, install the grubbed bootloader to the master boot record.
We have only one partition to install grub, so I select that and continue.
And installation is complete, so it's time to boot into our new system continue.
We are finally the login screen.
Log in with username and password that you've set.
Welcome to 64 Bit Co. installed by the ISO Far.
So I want to turn it off for now.
Now, let's go to the folder that we chose for insulation.
And here is the county video file.